Simply avoid simply (#212)
precice/precice.github.io: pages/docs/configuration/configuration-coupling-multi.md

## Composition of bi-coupling schemes

> To combine multiple coupling schemes, add them one after the other in the configuration:

Reviewer: This simplicity is a selling feature of preCICE. Maybe we can write it in a way that still implies that. How about:

```suggestion
preCICE allows us to combine multiple coupling schemes by only specifying them one after the other in the configuration:
```

I also like the "boils down to" that you used somewhere else.
